Xuntiante guards the way
Could it be that the Ye family also has a position in the Zhengbei Army?
But so to speak
The strength of the Ye family is not lost to the Chu family at all
As expected of Gate 3 of Shangjun
subscribe
I can't believe it.
The lower Ye Jun did not know that the leapfrog adults had arrived
Excuse me. Excuse me.
The old gentleman's birthday is today
Leapfrog half a step late
I forgot, oops, where?
How dare I blame the leapfrog adults?
Oops, it's really hard to move around
Can't get up to meet the leapfrog adult
Love adult
Don't blame it.
The Yue family's face is too big
Lord Wei Ji is so polite
Although the old man of the Ye family walked
But the connections left for them
I'm afraid it's enough for the Ye family to last 30 years
Did Xiao Junlin see it?
This is the strength of my Ye family
I can see it. I can touch it.
It's not like you just speak the vernacular
This lady
You are mistaken.
Just a polite word
I am not here today for the Ye family
I said that your Ye family really likes to be affectionate
Lord Yue Ji was born in Zhenbei Army
Why did you come because of your Ye family?
What do you mean, Master Yue Ji was invited by you?